README.md, before:

# Adversarial-Attack-on-Chinese-ASR-systems

* To generate adversarial examples for your own files, please ensure that the file is sampled at 16KHz and uses signed 16-bit ints as the data type. Our method is based on multi-objective evolutionary algorithm with three evaluated objectives, namely, CTC loss, speech similarity, and speech signal-to-noise ratio.
* Datasets of our experiments: We selected the datasets THCHS-30 and AISHELL-1. We randomly select 100 audio samples in wav format from each of these two datasets as the experimental subjects of our adversarial attack.
* Chinese ASR System: The Chinese ASR system we selected is DeepSpeech2 developed by Baidu.

# Attack on Chinese ASR System: DeepSpeech2(PaddleSpeech)

* Ensure to Install DeepSpeech2 system first.
  One of the Implementations for DeepSpeech2 can be find [here](https://github.com/yeyupiaoling/PaddlePaddle-DeepSpeech). This project is developed based on the DeepSpeech2 project based on PaddlePaddle. The paper of DeepSpeech2 is [&#34;Deep Speech 2 : End-to-End Speech Recognition in English and Mandarin&#34;](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v48/amodei16.pdf). The project supports for training and prediction under Windows, Linux, and support for development board reasoning predictions such as NVIDIA Jetson.
* Our adversarial attack code are detailed in adversarial_tools.py and nsga3based.py. Please copy files: sadversarial_tools.py, nsga3based.py and adversarial_model.py into the DeepSpeech2 project directory.

  Now create and run an attack:

  ```
  python nsga3based.py
  ```

  Use this script to recognized the audio by DeepSpeech2 in order to verify that the attack succeeded:

  ```
  python recognization.py
  ```

# Chinese Adversarial Samples

We encourage readers to listen to our chinese audio adversarial examples and the original one in the [attacking_samples](attacking_samples) directory.

## Revise Chinese Words in a Sentence

The `chinese_audio.wav` will be recognized as `"设定二十九度"`  and `adversarial_audio.wav` will be recognized as `"设定二一九度"` by the DeepSpeech2 system.

```
成功加载了预训练模型：models/step_final
ctcloss: 0.43564448
final_text decoded as:  设定二一九度
Audio similarity to origin: 0.9967
```

Commit message:

Adversarial Attack on Chinese Phrase

README.md, after:

# Adversarial-Attack-on-Chinese-ASR-systems

* To generate adversarial examples for your own files, please ensure that the file is sampled at 16KHz and uses signed 16-bit ints as the data type. Our method is based on multi-objective evolutionary algorithm with three evaluated objectives, namely, CTC loss, speech similarity, and speech signal-to-noise ratio.
* Datasets of our experiments: We selected the datasets THCHS-30 and AISHELL-1. We randomly select 100 audio samples in wav format from each of these two datasets as the experimental subjects of our adversarial attack.
* Chinese ASR System: The Chinese ASR system we selected is DeepSpeech2 developed by Baidu.

# Attack on Chinese ASR System: DeepSpeech2(PaddleSpeech)

* Ensure to Install DeepSpeech2 system first.
  One of the Implementations for DeepSpeech2 can be find [here](https://github.com/yeyupiaoling/PaddlePaddle-DeepSpeech). This project is developed based on the DeepSpeech2 project based on PaddlePaddle. The paper of DeepSpeech2 is [&#34;Deep Speech 2 : End-to-End Speech Recognition in English and Mandarin&#34;](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v48/amodei16.pdf). The project supports for training and prediction under Windows, Linux, and support for development board reasoning predictions such as NVIDIA Jetson.
* Our adversarial attack code are detailed in adversarial_tools.py and nsga3based.py. Please copy files: sadversarial_tools.py, nsga3based.py and adversarial_model.py into the DeepSpeech2 project directory.
  Now create and run an attack:

  ```
  python nsga3based.py
  ```

  Ise this script to recognized the audio by DeepSpeech2 in roder to verify that the attack succeeded:

  ```
  python recognization.py
  ```

# Chinese Adversarial Samples

We encourage readers to listen to our chinese audio adversarial examples and the original one in the [attacking_samples](attacking_samples) directory.

## Revise Chinese Words in a Sentence

The `chinese_audio.wav` will be recognized as `"设定二十九度"`  and `adversarial_audio.wav` will be recognized as `"设定二一九度"` by the DeepSpeech2 system.

```
成功加载了预训练模型：models/step_final
ctcloss: 0.43564448
final_text decoded as:  设定二一九度
Audio similarity to origin: 0.9967
```

## Adversarial Attack on Chinese Phrase

The `chinese_audio_phrase.wav` will be recognized as `"可怜好哦"`  and `adversarial_audio_phrase.wav` will be recognized as `"取款机"` by the DeepSpeech2 system.

```
成功加载了预训练模型：models/step_final
ctcloss: 11.0739765
final_text decoded as: 取款机
Audio similarity to input: 0.8445
```
